in other parts of the world young men
leave home and travel far and wide in
search of a promising future the only
reason people journey here is for the
orphanage
they wanted a girl girly nobody never
wants me I came as a physician to the
abandoned children and unhappily
pregnant women good night you princes of
Maine you kings of New England why does
dr. Lodge say that every night does it
because we like it and so I became the
caretaker of many father of nine well in
a way there was one story time fuzzy his
name was Homer wells and it was always
clear to me my father's eyes had closed
upon the light of this world that he was
a special boy Homer wells has spent his
entire life helping others you are a
skilled and gifted surgeon I'm not a
doctor I haven't been a medical school I
haven't even been the high school
doubtless you will let me know when
you're gonna find a more gratifying life
I was wondering if you could give me a
ride now he's leaving the only home he's
ever known I've never actually seen the
ocean you serious in searchable world he
longs to discover I'm enjoying my life
here I'm enjoying being a lobstermen in
an orchard Minh in fact I believe I'm
being of some use what did you know what
that candy home she's the nicest and
most beautiful girl I've ever known
sound like you in trouble already home
Sam I'm Big Joe to me home I think we
may have lost them to the world
Miramax Films presents Tobey Maguire
Charlize Theron and Michael Caine in a
new film by director Lhasa hellström a
nutty old business even though what your
business is home I can help
that's all I'm saying I can help from
the acclaimed novel by John Irving a
story about how far we must travel
whether I shall turn out to be the hero
of my own life I do not know to find the
place where we belong The Cider House
Rules
you